[THEME MUSIC]
>> We need to give
people the information.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And welcome
back to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
This subject may
scare you, so I just
want to warn you ahead of time.
Dr. John Hall is
our special guest.
I want you to take a listen to
some of the things he has done.
>>NARRATOR: He fights tirelessly
for victims of an unseen enemy,
organized gang stalkers.
Dr. John Hall explains
how criminal gangs
use government satellites
to penetrate an individual's
thoughts and drive him crazy.
But unlike many who've dismissed
the victims of organized
stalking, Dr. Hall has
tried to reassure them
the attackers are actually
the ones who are mentally ill.
Dr. Hall provides tips on how
to spot organized stalking
and how to fight back.
Today on "Beyond Belief."
>>NOORY: And of
course, Dr. John Hall
is extremely busy,
because his latest
book is called "Guinea Pigs."
And again, it deals with
this stalking and electronic
surveillance of people.
John, this is a subject
that so many people are
fascinated with, yet they
really aren't that aware of it.
I'm glad you're
doing this for us.
>>JOHN HALL: Well,
I'm glad to be on.
And this is affecting we think
up to 300,000 people in the US,
even more than that globally.
You're one of the
few people that's
actually helped touch on it and
help expose it to the public.
>>NOORY: Well, a lot of
people just don't get it.
When you talk about they're
being electronically surveyed
or they're being stalked, they
probably say, oh, come on.
Nobody wants to watch
me or check into me.
>>HALL: And that's why they
get away with it so easily.
Because the common question that
most of these victims get is,
why you?
Why would anybody be
spending this kind of money
to surveil you?
And the bottom line
is experimentation.
And anybody that reads "Guinea
Pigs," by the time you finish
that book, if you don't believe
that the US government does
have non-consensual
experimentation programs,
then there's something
wrong with you
and you're probably
never going to believe.
But there has never been
successful legislation
passed in this country
to prevent the government
from experimenting on
the public, whether it's
with radiation back
in the '40s and '50s
or now with directed energy
weapons in the 2000s.
>>NOORY: Do you think Congress
is aware of what's going on?
>>HALL: Congress is aware.
I know Senator John
Glenn had tried
to pass legislation
making informed
consent with any type of
government experimentation law
and it was shot down.
And there was a
bill that was tried
to pass to help the
Space Preservation
Treaty to make all the countries
agree to not weaponize space.
That was written
by Dennis Kucinich.
And specifically in
that bill were the terms
psychotronic weaponry,
weaponry that
will bind to the
human nervous system,
cause anger, cause aggression,
manipulate the senses.
That language was in the bill.
By time the bill actually
made it to Congress,
that language had
been stricken out
and then the bill was
shot down in its entirety.
>>NOORY: Let's get definitions
for the two different types
of things you've
been working on.
First of all, all of us know
what the word stalking means,
of course.
But tell us what your
definition of stalking is.
>>HALL: Well, this
type of stalking
is the old term
was gang stalking.
The new term is
organized stalking.
And this is stalking by
a group of individuals
unknown to you that inundate
you at home, at work, everywhere
you go, monitoring your emails,
monitoring your phone calls.
This isn't a scorned loved one
or an ex-husband or ex-wife.
>>NOORY: Or somebody
obsessed with you.
>>HALL: Or somebody
These are trained
government operatives,
whether they're subcontractors
or directly working
for the government,
that are not only
gathering information
but stalking you,
at least we think, to
get biometric parameters
on the victim.
Because once the
stalking tails off,
then the electronic
harassment begins.
>>NOORY: Now,
electronic harassment.
What is that?
>>HALL: Electronic
harassment, usually
most people notice it first
with emails disappearing,
lights turning off
and on in their home,
radios turning off and on
in their home on their own,
garage doors
opening and closing,
garage lights going on
and off on their own.
In San Antonio, we had
an entire neighborhood
that were voicing complaints
that their garage doors were
opening and closing.
Their car wiring was going awry.
Well, we have two NSA
bases in San Antonio now.
And it took a year
before they came forward,
but eventually the
NSA said, well,
we're experimenting with a
new ground wave technology.
But this one neighborhood
seemed to be chosen
to get all of these effects.
So we don't know if it
was truly experimentation
with a communication system
or were they experimenting
on the neighborhood itself.
>>NOORY: John, are they
coming by in these vans?
We always see them
in Hollywood movies
where they're all in this
van with all this equipment
and monitoring and
things like that.
>>HALL: Sometimes the
stalking does start that way.
The boots on the
ground stalking,
you will notice people in
cars or groups of people
taking turns following you.
But then that trails
off and the rest of it
seems to be either positive wind
tower, cell tower, or satellite
based.
Because the stalking trails off
and the electronic harassment
follows you everywhere you go.
>>NOORY: Here's the question.
Why?
Why do this to general
Americans, middle class
Americans?
What do they want?
>>HALL: Well, I
think eventually they
want a way to control the
population, at least decision
making of the
population as a whole.
If you look back on
experimentation in the past,
whether it was MKUltra
or radiation experiments,
bacterial radioactive iodide
that they floated clouds over
to see if it would
cause thyroid cancer.
If you look at
these experiments,
they were done on
the common people.
The common folks,
they don't have
the money or the political
clout to do anything about this.
>>NOORY: We know they
have equipment now
where they can look at
your house from the outside
and they know exactly
where you are in the house.
They can see you.
>>HALL: Yeah.
That's Forward Looking
Infrared, FLIR.
And it's in the old
days, like you remember
"Terminator" or some
of these old movies
where they would
show a thermal print
and it was a swirl
of blue and yellow.
Well, that's not anymore.
If you look at
thermal imaging now,
it looks like a black
and white photo.
And you're right.
They can see exactly
where you are
in a room, which means they can
also anatomically attack you
correctly with other satellite
based directed energy weapons.
>>NOORY: Just amazing
the technology
that we're really
not aware of that we
must have as a government.
>>HALL: And even
the Russians were
the first to come out with it.
Putin has actually mentioned
the term psychotronic weaponry
in statements that he's put out.
Actually made the comment
that whichever country
has the best
psychotronic weapons
will control the globe
without bullets or missiles.
>>NOORY: He's right.
He's right.
I remember, and we're
talking 20 years ago,
that the Russians would
bombard our embassies
with listening devices.
So they would be able to
hear what was going on
inside the embassy.
>>HALL: Yeah, they call
that the woodpecker signal.
And that was when
Nixon was in office
and they noticed that he would
have emotional breakdowns when
he was at that embassy.
And they found out that it
was a woodpecker signal.
Interesting thing with
that is that disappeared
after it was confronted.
They confronted the Soviet
Union at the time with it.
But in 2014, ham radio
operators in the United States
noticed they were hearing
the woodpecker signal again
on a 14 millihertz band.
And that was all over the place,
that the woodpecker signal was
back and that the Russians were
passing electromagnetic waves
over our country again.
>>NOORY: Well, and you talk
about the former Soviet
Union and the psychotronic
weaponry that they used.
Let's take a look first.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Well, in the Soviet Union,
a Radio Frequency or RF device
has been used for over
30 years to manipulate
the moods of mental patients.
It's called a Lida machine.
It radiates pulses of
radio frequency energy
as well as light,
sound, and heat.
The pulse rate is in the
extremely low frequency
range between 0 and
100 pulses per second.
Dr. Ross Eady is
the top researcher
at the Veterans
Administration Hospital
in Loma Linda, California.
He has been investigating the
effects of the Lida machine.
- Now, what do the Soviets
use this machine for?
- Well, they don't
use it anymore.
We should be very
clear that this
is a machine which is
regarded by them as somewhat
obsolete technologically.
- This scientist who did
not want his identity
revealed is employed
by the US government
and has done secret
RF weapons research.
He believes the tests
done with the Lida
and similar machines
prove that humans
are susceptible to remote
alterations of mood
and awareness.
- Certain kinds of weak
electromagnetic signals
look exactly like drugs.
So the premise is
that anything you
can do with drugs you could do
with the right electromagnetic
signals.
Apparently there are
specific sites involved,
specific functions involved.
It's a matter of
matching up just
like it is with a pill or
a drug to cause and effect.
You could have a
cause and effect
relationship between
a magnetic field
and a biological function.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: John, frightening,
but at the same time
fascinating that they
would be able to do this.
>>HALL: No, and I've always
said for years in this fight
that this technology
has a place.
And I've never been one
that's calling for the ban
on this technology,
because certainly there
is some good that
can come from it.
Unfortunately, there's no
good coming from it right now.
It's mostly bad.
But as you saw on the clip,
the Soviet Union kind of
started working on this first.
Well, we've actually worked
on it here in this country
too, especially under the
Navy with microwave research
where they were able
to take people, bombard
the temporal areas of the
brain with the right frequency
of extremely low frequency
waves and create what they
call a sentinel being effect.
And interestingly,
these people either
felt like they were
in the presence of God
or the other thing is felt
like they were taken by aliens
and that there are
aliens in the room.
>>NOORY: Really?
Now that's
interesting, because we
have millions of people in
this country that think they've
been abducted by aliens.
>>HALL: And that's why we're
kind of on the fence with that
is can some of that
be experimentation
with electromagnetic
weapons on the brain?
And certainly I think
maybe some of it is.
>>NOORY: John, you're a doctor.
You specialize in
stem cell therapy.
How in the world
did you get involved
in electronic surveillance?
>>HALL: I actually was
engaged to a girl who
came to me after a broken
engagement with some very
weird complaints.
And she came to me.
She said, you're the
only person I trust.
Anybody else is going to
send me to a psychiatrist.
I've got people that I
don't recognize stalking me.
They're with me following
me every time I go anywhere,
and I'm hearing
voices in my head that
are describing where I'm at
and the type of attacks that
are being perpetrated on my
body with weapons I can't see.
>>NOORY: Did you believe her?
>>HALL: Well, I mean,
I knew this girl well.
I mean, she was not--
had no psychiatric
illness history.
>>NOORY: She's stable?
>>HALL: She had no drug history.
So we spent the money and
we counter-surveilled her.
We put counter-surveillance
equipment in her condo.
And indeed, she was being
stalked by a former FBI
agent working with a giant
private investigative
community.
She was being
followed everywhere
she goes and unfortunately was
being drugged with rohypnol
and sexually assaulted.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>HALL: Mostly part
of experimentation.
And the way it looks with
this type of technology,
you do have to have some form
of clearance to access it.
This isn't something you
and I can Google and order
this equipment online.
You have to be hooked up
to a system to use it.
Apparently, the way
it works is the groups
in every major city
that are allowed
to access it can use it carte
blanche on whoever they want
to for whatever reason as
long as the data gets back
to the appropriate agency.
And the group in Texas tends
to use it for sexual assault.
And she happened
to be singled out.
>>NOORY: Bizarre.
When Edward Snowden blew
the lid off of the NSA
and some of the things
they were doing,
I think it is just the
tip of the iceberg.
>>HALL: Oh, he said it's
the tip of the iceberg.
He still has more
documents to release.
The big favor that Edward
Snowden did to this community
is everybody that's victimized
by this technology has been
saying for years that their cell
phones are being listened to,
their texts are being
read, their emails
are being manipulated.
I myself have sat down,
looked at my email,
and watched emails disappear
without me erasing them
as well as most
victims have reported.
Well, nobody believed that.
They called them the
tinfoil hat people.
And the government
just wouldn't do that
to you is what most
people would say.
Well, when Snowden released his
documents, well lo and behold,
yes, the government
can scan all your text,
they can scan all
your emails, and we
do have supercomputers that
can handle that much data now.
So it kind of brought it
from conspiracy theory
to conspiracy fact.
>>NOORY: My late father,
John, was in World War II.
And if I were to talk to him
about this when he was alive,
that the government was
doing this and that,
a World War II veteran
wouldn't believe it.
Wouldn't believe it.
I mean, because at that time,
even though our government was
experimenting on people,
they were putting biologicals
over sailors and ships.
They tested people in St.
Louis with biologicals.
But he wouldn't believe it.
I mean, when you
would ever question
the authenticity of
what this nation was
doing it to protect citizens.
He was a military guy.
And he would say,
George, you're nuts.
You're crazy.
Today he'd probably hear
this, listening to my show
as he often did, going, what
in the world is going on?
What made this change?
What happened from
a nation that was
for the people, what happened?
Where did it change?
>>HALL: Well, that's
an interesting story,
because I had the same
thing with my father.
We're similar in age.
My father who's now passed on
as well, when he first read
some of my books and
heard some of my radio
shows, he was like, well, the
government wouldn't do this
to its own people.
They wouldn't do it.
Well, he wasn't into the
computer age right off.
And it was later in life,
right before his death,
that they got their
first computer.
Well, I came to
his house one day
and he had a quarter duct
taped over the camera
on the computer.
And I said, what's with the
quarter on your computer?
And he said, well, you know
they've got programs now.
The government can watch
you through the camera.
And I said, dad, I've been
saying that for 10 years.
>>NOORY: He finally understood.
>>HALL: He finally understood.
It took him that
long to understand.
And you're right, that
generation is hard to convince,
because they don't believe
the government would
attack its own citizens.
I think what we've
come down to a point
now where the government,
whether on either side
of the political
spectrum, whether it's
Democrat or Republican, I
think they all want control.
They want larger
government and they
want a way to control the
initiatives of the public.
>>NOORY: And they want to know.
They want to know who
is being subversive,
who is being
anti-government, and they
want to know where those
people are at any given time.
>>HALL: And the bad thing
is that you never know--
that is a situation that changes
depending on who's in office.
What makes you a
radical one day may
make you a patriot the next.
>>NOORY: Right.
In our eyes.
You talked about the emails.
We've got a few.
Justin from Apple Valley,
California writes, "My family
doesn't believe
I'm being targeted.
How can I convince them?"
>>HALL: My recommendation,
I come across this a lot,
is don't browbeat
them to believe you,
because that makes you look more
mentally ill than if you just
let it go.
Certainly have them read
"Guinea Pigs" or any other books
that are written
by some of us that
have kind of chosen that
pathway to deal with the public.
"Guinea Pigs," if
anybody reads this,
this is all backed
up by factual stuff.
It's not written based
on Google searches.
It's written to some extent
based on classified documents.
Certainly try to vent
your frustrations
in with some of the
groups that we have
that are dealing with this.
Don't vent to family
members that don't believe,
because it'll be your
family members or the people
you work for.
>>NOORY: Difficult for the
family members to believe.
>>HALL: Difficult for the
Yeah.
But if they look at
it when they read
"Guinea Pigs," because I've
seen so many people with this
that I can put it in the
context that it's not just
that family's loved one.
It's 300,000 other
people's loved ones.
Then it puts it in
a better context.
>>NOORY: Of 10 people
who claim that they're
being electronically
stalked, what percent
would you say are
telling the truth?
>>HALL: It's hard to say.
And that's one of the
problems we have with it is
this technology was designed
to look like mental illness.
Specifically designed to
look like mental illness,
because when it initially
started with MKUltra,
the people that headed this
up were psychiatrists heading
departments for MKUltra.
So there's no mistake on that.
The big distractor
with it is for one,
schizophrenics
don't seek out help.
They avoid it at all costs.
These people are risking getting
a mental diagnosis to get help
for a criminal problem.
>>NOORY: That goes
on their record.
>>HALL: And that
goes on their record.
Also true schizophrenia
will respond to medications.
People that are
being targeted, even
once they're on medications,
they're still targeted.
>>NOORY: So if somebody
comes up to you and says,
this is happening to me.
I'm being targeted.
I know my neighbor's
listening to me.
He's with the government.
Do you generally
accept that quickly
or do you look at them
with a grain of salt?
>>HALL: No, we have
to listen to the story
and kind of decide what
they're being convinced is true
and what really is true.
And one of the
things that they are
great at doing with
this technology
is convincing you that it's your
family members doing it to you
or convincing you that it's
your neighbors doing it to you.
>>NOORY: They want
you to think that.
>>HALL: They want
Yeah.
The quickest route to a mental
home or a mental evaluation
is to go accusing your neighbors
or accusing your family.
And they realize that.
>>NOORY: Everyone's
looking at you.
>>HALL: So it's done very
specifically that way.
So we have to sit down
with these people,
explain to them the way
the technology works,
that it doesn't have to be
somebody next door doing it
to you.
It's not somebody
with a microwave
oven with a funnel in it
doing it from the other wall.
And that's hard to convince
when you have people
living in apartment settings.
When we've done our research,
we've done it in Texas.
We've taken these
people out onto ranches
that are 6,000 acres that have
no power lines and no cell
service.
We've taken them out in
boats in the Gulf of Mexico.
No power lines, no cell service.
So there's not somebody with
a handheld weapon doing it
anywhere near.
There's not somebody doing
it from a power line,
and there's not somebody
doing it from a cell tower.
And they're still
being attacked.
So that means it is coming
from HARP or satellite based
or a combination of the both.
>>NOORY: How many
of these people,
John, who are being
stalked may be
known to the individuals in
government that are doing this?
>>HALL: Probably all of them.
>>NOORY: So it
might be a neighbor
who is with the government
who says, let's do this guy.
I know him.
He's a little weird.
Let's do him.
>>HALL: No, what
they often will do
is the perpetrators
will come and they
will try to get some of
your neighbors to join in.
And that's one thing I'm
very clear with people.
I said, when you first move into
a neighborhood or an apartment
complex, meet your neighbors.
Go meet your neighbors.
Introduce yourself.
Don't necessarily
tell them about this.
But at least let them
know you so that way
when people come pretending
to be the FBI, usually
private investigators
pretending to be the FBI,
and say, we need your
help watching this person,
they'll call you and tell you
it happened or call the police
and say, I've got people here
pretending to be the FBI.
>>NOORY: Another
email in from Janice
in West Hartford, Connecticut.
"I'm getting voice
to skull targeting.
How do I make the voices stop?"
Now, this is an
interesting question.
>>HALL: That's the most
disconcerting part of this.
>>NOORY: Is it in
her head or not?
>>HALL: Well, and
typically if you
look at descriptions from
schizophrenics on what they
hear with auditory delusions,
it's usually voices of God,
voices of angels,
people telling you
you've been anointed or
garbled voices like you
would hear on a subway.
What these people
hear is descriptions
of their whereabouts,
descriptions
of what they're wearing,
descriptions of what they look
like.
It's made to be very
apparent to the victim
that someone is watching and
knows what they're doing.
Well, the next step is
they feel like there's
cameras in the house.
They know where I'm at.
They know what I'm wearing.
There must be
cameras in the house.
Well, there's not.
It's all done by manipulation
of the EEG in the brain.
They'll dig through their homes
and dig through their sheet
rock to look for cameras, but
there's usually none found.
The best way to
avoid that is we've
found that there's a certain
waveform within the EEG
that has to be there for
this technology to take.
If you can re-synchronize
both hemispheres of the brain
with a similar pattern for
the EEG, then most of this
will go away.
And what we've been using
are binaural beat programs
to do that.
We'll have the victims
put earphones in,
pick an ambient sound, pick
a binaural beat program,
and re-synchronize both
hemispheres of the brain
to 7.8 hertz.
>>NOORY: And that
works that way?
>>HALL: And that works.
>>NOORY: That's fascinating.
John, Carla from
California claims
that she is under
electronic surveillance,
that she is being stalked.
We're going to go to
her via Skype right now.
Carla, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>CARLA: Good
morning, gentlemen.
It's a pleasure to be here.
Thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: It's my pleasure.
We're with Dr.
John Hall as well.
Carla, tell us a little bit
about what has happened to you
and how long this
has been going on.
>>CARLA: I've been a
victim of covert harassment
and stalking since 1992.
However, it did not become
visible to me until about '94.
I was in a bad relationship
and it ended bad.
And he actually told me that
he put me in this program,
but I just shunned it because
it didn't even make sense to me.
And he said to me,
good luck getting out.
And I was able to
maintain a job for a while
and raise my children.
And about a year and a
half ago, my daughter
was actually murdered and they
have not found the suspect,
and there have been
no arrests made.
She was murdered
in North Carolina.
And I noticed that
people were stalking me
and they were also--
they had also begun harassing
my 21-year-old son as well.
Well, my son came to me and
said that he had voices,
he heard voices, which I
know the terminology is
the remote neuromonitoring.
I also have been suffering
that as well since 1994.
I do know the difference.
I do know that I
am completely sane.
And so I never questioned that.
But then I began to see
that around 2000, people
were acting strange, using hand
signals when they would talk.
And I began to experience
pain in my body that
did not make sense.
And I went all these years
just thinking that it was me.
However, when my
daughter was murdered,
I actually Googled my
symptoms and became aware
of the terminology and
began to read about it
and actually found
supportive groups on Facebook
and in social outlets.
So it really validated
what I was going through
and it gave me some clarity,
because I'm the type of person
that there has to be a
logical explanation for what
is going on.
So the more I dug
into it, the more I
became aware of different
things and what it meant.
And so I was relieved
to know and I'm
sorry for everybody
that's going through this,
but I was relieved to know
that it was just not me.
And so from there, I
have made police reports.
I contacted the FBI.
I began reaching out to people.
And thank you, I
met Dr. John Hall.
And he's willing
to help me as well.
So I'm very grateful
for the people
that have come across my path.
>>NOORY: John, as you
look at her situation,
it's not uncommon, is it?
>>HALL: No.
Her situation pretty much
as a situation of most TIs.
I've even had, like she said,
she knew she wasn't crazy.
She knew she was
being victimized.
I've even had some TIs contact
me asking me, well, am I crazy?
I'm hearing voices, and
typically that's schizophrenia.
Do you think I have it?
Well, true schizophrenics
never do that.
They don't come to their
doctors and say, well, I'm
hearing voices.
I must be crazy.
These people, like
I said, they're
risking accepting
or risking getting
a mental illness in
their quest for help
with a criminal activity.
So kudos to them, because
once you get that diagnosis,
it can ruin your life even more
than the electronic harassment.
But yeah, she's pretty
common for a victim,
and most victims are female.
There's a predilection for
female victims, especially
those that are divorced,
single, or living alone.
>>NOORY: Carla, first of
all, accept our condolences
on the tragic death
of your daughter.
>>CARLA: Thank you.
I appreciate it.
>>NOORY: Do you
think that somehow
was tied into this
electronic surveillance?
>>CARLA: I know it was.
My daughter was
expressing major fear.
And I talked to my
daughter actually the night
before she was found dead.
And she was
expressing major fear
that she was being
followed and she
thought she had been poisoned.
She didn't feel good.
And I had told her
go to the doctor.
And she was expressing that
she was hearing voices as well
and people were following her.
So it was a major concern.
I have not--
I definitely would
begin to see danger
of what he was expressing to
me, I got a restraining order
and I have not seen him since.
But I do know that
wherever you go,
they pass the contract around.
So back in the day, you used
to be able to get in your car
and drive away from this,
go to another state,
and it would take them
years to find you.
But thanks to the
social outlet, the media
with Facebook and things like
that, they can actually--
and the GPS on your phone
and the tracking devices
that they have.
>>NOORY: Was he
part of government?
>>CARLA: Actually no.
He had mob ties.
He was a hardened criminal,
and I did not know it.
I was 22 when I met
him and very naive.
I do fit the criteria
for what they're
looking for in this program.
I was raised in a foster home.
I have a broken family.
I am widowed.
It was a very hard
time in my life.
My husband died of colon cancer.
And so I was very
vulnerable and very naive
and was not paying attention to
things that I should have been.
>>NOORY: How long did you date
this guy before he started
doing these things to you?
>>CARLA: Probably three
years, four years.
>>NOORY: How unusual is it
for an ex-boyfriend or husband
to, as she said,
be in the program?
>>HALL: Oh, it's
not uncommon at all.
This can be hired done.
As I said before, the
groups that have access
to this technology,
most of them are
private investigative groups
run by former FBI and former CIA
agents.
We proved that in Texas because
we counter-surveilled a group
that does this in Texas.
So basically, one
way to look at it
is they are subcontracting
the research
for the legitimate agencies
within the government.
They started doing that after
the Rockefeller Commission,
because the CIA got
their hand slapped.
So now you basically
have a group
of subcontractors that can carte
blanche experiment on whoever
they want to.
Or if somebody comes to
you with money and says,
I want to hire you to drive this
person crazy, they'll do it.
That's how they
finance themselves.
As long as the data goes back
to the appropriate agency
on how well it works.
>>NOORY: Carla, let me ask you
this as we wrap up with you.
This has obviously
destroyed your life.
How are you coping?
>>CARLA: I've learned
to just balance myself.
I encourage any
targeted individual
that is out there to stay
proactive in being social.
Not everybody is bad.
Not everybody is against you.
And to stay proactive
in being social.
Don't give up your
church activities.
Don't give up your social
life because people
are trying to harm you.
That is the intent of what
they are trying to accomplish
is keeping you isolated.
And the more isolated you
become, the more of a danger
you are in, actually.
So I've been very proactive
in speaking out against it.
I have been proactive in
just being very social
and just being outside and
doing functioning activities,
staying busy as I can.
I really am trying to move
forward with getting this scan.
It gives me hope.
That really does.
As I can collect the
information and present it
in a proper order,
that gives me the hope
that this will come to an end.
>>NOORY: You stay strong,
Carla, and thank you
for giving us some of the time
to talk with you about this.
>>CARLA: Thank you very
much for having me on.
And you guys have a great day.
>>NOORY: John, I
feel for Carla and I
feel for the
hundreds of thousands
of people who
apparently are going
through the same
situation as she is.
But she seems strong in
spite of all the things
that have happened to her.
The death of her daughter,
the surveillance.
She seems like
she understands it
and she knows how to
battle it and fight it.
What recommendations
do you give to people
who think they're being
electronically stalked
like Carla?
>>HALL: Well, she
made a good point,
and that's the same
point I make in my book.
Don't be a recluse.
Continue to try to go to work.
Continue to try and
go and socialize.
Go to church.
Go to whatever
you ordinarily do.
Go be with your friends.
>>NOORY: Don't shut down.
>>HALL: Don't shut down,
because that's what
they're trying to do to you.
They want you to
stop all of that
because ultimately
the goal is to get you
in front of a psychiatrist
and get you a diagnosis.
Because once they
do that, they know
you'll have no option pretty
much except to sit at home
and be a guinea pig.
So what you need to do
is continue socializing.
And that's exactly the
recommendation that she's made
and how she's dealt
with this successfully.
And it's the same recommendation
I make in "Guinea Pigs."
>>NOORY: Do they, and those who
are testing you and surveilling
on you, do they stop
eventually and just
move on to the next victim?
>>HALL: Actually, from
our counter-surveillance
of the group in
Texas that does this,
it's a matter of manpower.
It takes a lot of
manpower to do this.
And once they see that you're
going to continue working,
you're going to continue social,
continue living, a lot of times
they will move on
just to dedicate
that manpower to surveil
somebody on another victim.
So yeah.
I mean, if you live
your life, I mean,
that probably is your
best defense against it.
>>NOORY: If somebody believes
this is truly happening
to them, if somebody
believes they're not crazy,
they're not nuts,
what do they do?
Who do they go to for help?
>>HALL: There's a
bunch of organizations.
And this is a global problem.
It's not just a
United States problem.
We have ICA Act icaact.org.
We have the European equivalent
is eucach.net or .org as well.
In Australia and down under,
we have surveillanceissues.com
ran by Paul Baird who's
been at this fight
just as long as I have.
>>NOORY: A champion.
>>HALL: A champion of it, yeah.
And of course, anybody
can get a hold of me
at my website, which
is www.drjohnrhall.com.
>>NOORY: You've got to
get that R in there.
>>HALL: Yep.
Got to get the R.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>HALL: It's been
a pleasure, George.
>>NOORY: It's a great book.
It's called "Guinea Pigs."
It's about surveillance that
is happening to so many people,
maybe even your neighbors.
But as Dr. John Hall has said
and as you've seen with Carla,
you can fight back.
If you think this is happening
to you, don't give up.
I'm George Noory and
this is "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]
>> We need to give
people the information.